There doesn't seem to be anything wrong with the syntax of that code.
And in fact, if you try to run it,
it would run fine without even crashing.
So it's not a syntax error and it's not a runtime error either.
But when it does run, instead of printing out the numbers 1 to 100,
it doesn't print out anything.
That's a bug. And the only way to find out that it was a bug,
is to follow it step by step and check if it works as expected or not.
However, if you look closely at the loop condition,
this greater than or equal 100 should be less than or equal to 100.
Because i starts from 1,
and the loop condition should be as long as i still less than or equal to 100.
Now let's try out some of the debugging features in IntelliJ.